Hello there Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to another episode of Cinema Summary.
I'm your underpaid host.
Anyway, this isn't going on my resume.
Today we'll be looking at the classic 2001 animated CGI film "Shrek".
Starring: Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz [meow~], and John Litgow.
Shrek, a green ogre who loves the solitude
in his swamp, finds his life interrupted when
countless fairytale characters are exiled
there by the fairytale-hating Lord Farquaad
of Duloc C- can he do that legally?.
Angry, Shrek decides to ask Farquaad to exile
them elsewhere.
He brings along a talking Donkey, who is the
only fairytale creature willing to guide him
to Duloc oh Eddie Murphy, I’ve missed you.
Meanwhile, Farquaad tortures the Gingerbread
Man for the location of the remaining fairytale
creatures you monster! *pa-tooie*.
His guards rush in with something he has been
searching for: the Magic Mirror.
He asks The Mirror if his kingdom is the fairest
of them all but is told that he is not even
a king.
Ha! Awkward...
To be a king he must marry a princess, so
Farquaad resolves to marry Princess Fiona,
who is locked in a castle tower guarded by
a dragon.
He organizes a tournament wherein the winner
gets the "privilege" of rescuing Fiona for
him.
Shrek and Donkey arrive during the tournament,
and ignorantly defeat Farquaad's knights
OH MY GOD! HE GOT HIM WITH THE CHAIR.
BY GOD THAT MAN HAD A FAMILY!
Farquaad proclaims them the champions, and
compels them under the threat of death to rescue
Fiona, promising to move the fairytale creatures
from Shrek's swamp if he succeeds.
Shrek and Donkey travel to the castle and
split up to find Fiona like Zoinks!.
They are noticed by the dragon, who corners Donkey.
In desperation he sweet-talks the dragon, learning that it is female.
Dragon falls in love with Donkey and carries
him to her chambers
Bow-Chicka-Bow-wow.
Shrek finds Fiona, who is appalled at his
lack of romanticism
and surprised that he hasn't slain Dragon.
As they leave, Shrek saves Donkey from Dragon,
who is heartbroken as a result
At first, Fiona is thrilled to be rescued
but is quickly disappointed when Shrek reveals that
he is an ogre.
She demands that Farquaad come to get her
himself, but Shrek forcibly carries her with him
You’re coming with me princess.
The three have several adventures on their
way to Duloc, such as an encounter with Robin
Hood wherein Fiona reveals that she is an
expert martial artist
Oh look! A Matrix reference
Shrek and Fiona find they have a lot in common
and fall in love.
However, Fiona persistently insists on sleeping
alone at night.
One night, when the trio is almost at Duloc,
Fiona shelters in a windmill.
Donkey hears strange noises from within and
investigates, finding Fiona transformed into
an ogre
Le Gasp!.
She explains that she was cursed during childhood
to transform every night, which is why she
was locked away, and that only her true love's
kiss will return her to her "love's true form"
that’s messed up.
Meanwhile Shrek, about to confess his feelings
for Fiona, partly overhears them, and is heartbroken
as he mistakes her disgust with her transformation
to an "ugly beast" as disgust with him
Don't you just hate it when people, just don't communicate?
At Donkey's suggestion, Fiona vows to tell
Shrek about her curse, but dawn breaks before
she can, and she turns back into a human.
She finds that Shrek has brought Lord Farquaad
to the windmill during the night.
Fiona accepts Farquaad's proposal, requesting
that they be married before night falls.
The couple returns to Duloc, while a hurt and
angry Shrek abandons Donkey and returns to
his now-vacated swamp
Furious at Shrek, Donkey goes to the swamp
where Shrek says he overheard Donkey and Fiona's
conversation.
Donkey tells Shrek that she was talking about
someone else, and urges Shrek to talk to Fiona
before she is married.
They travel to Duloc quickly, thanks to Dragon,
who had escaped her confines and followed
Donkey.
Shrek interrupts the wedding before Farquaad
can kiss Fiona.
He tells her that Farquaad is not her true
love and is only marrying her to become king
Is that how it works?
Huh.
Oh, look! The Ogre wants to marry the princess!
That's my Lord Farquaad impression, ladies and gentlemen. Ain't it great?
The sun sets, which turns Fiona into an ogre
in front of everyone in the church, causing
Outraged, Farquaad orders Shrek executed and
Fiona detained
Dragon bursts in alongside Donkey and devours
Farquaad
Shrek and Fiona profess their love and share
a kiss; Fiona is bathed in light as her curse
is broken but is surprised that she is still
an ogre, as she thought she would become beautiful,
to which Shrek replies that she is still beautiful
I’m not crying but I am sweating from my eyes
They marry in the swamp and leave on their
honeymoon while Donkey and the fairytale creatures
celebrate by singing "I'm a Believer".
[Singing "I'm a Believer"~]
Thank you for watching Ladies and Gentlemen, don't forget to like and subscribe to get our latest updates,
and our latest upload. Until next time!